Diagonal Text Program:

	This monster took about 12 hours total and the big hangup was trying to use
lists to make it work.  I ditched the list idea about hour 6ish and went to the 
current layout of 'for' loops.  Once I commited to using 'for' loops I really had
to dig deep to figure out how to use the correctly and the moment I got the program
to print out a 3 X 5 array of '.' I was set.  My program at the point that it first
worked correctly the 'for' loop was a little more than twice its current size and it
took going to the CS tutors to figure out what exactly I had done to make it work.
Overall it was well worth the time and I feel much more confident about using 'for'
loops.

Xstrings Program:

	Initially I tried to use lists to store X's and the position of the substring
but this failed magnificently.  I settled on the 'for' loop with a bunch of 'if' 
functions in order to set a counter variable and position variable.  The bigest 
problem I had with writing this program happened during testing (which is the point!).
The issue was that when the longest sub-string of X's was = to 1 and was at the 
beginning the count was off by one.  I fixed this by adding another 'if' function
whose job it was to address that specific error.  This resulted in the error
where when the longest sub-string of X's was = to 1 and was at the end of the 
string the position was off by one.  My final fix for this was adding the same 
'if' function to the beginning and the end of my 'for' loop.  The last 'if' function
in my 'for' loop addresses the situation where the longest sub-string of X's is 
1 X long and starts at the last position of the string.  The first 'if' function 
addresses all other situations.
	This little bit of troubleshooting took about three hours of different 
methods.  What ended up being the most successful was walking step by step through 
the program and examinging what was happening at each point.  This was probably
the most valuable thing I learned from this last part.

OVERALL:

	I wanted use a better planning process on this homework project and it
proved invaluable.  I think I spent about 3-4 hours on a whiteboard or a piece 
of paper or looking up info from the book/web and about 1 hour writing it.  Diagonal 
Text took a lot more planning since I was pretty disorganized and I am still
working through how the language works but it help working through my thoughts.       